#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Response to Reviewers
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Reviewer 1
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1.
 At the introduction, the author makes a reference to ADER scheme, please
 include the following references for a complete introduction to ADER schemes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
- E.
 F.
 Toro, V.
 A.
 Titarev, Solution of the generalized Riemann problem for advection-reaction
 equations, Proc.
 Roy.
 Soc.
 London A 458 (2002) 271-281.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
- V.
 A.
 Titarev, E.
 F.
 Toro, ADER: arbitrary high order Godunov approach, J.
 Sci.
 Comput.
 17 (2002) 609-618.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
These references have been added.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
2.
 After the paragraph after (38), please include a summary of the consequence
 of the result in terms of the convergence of the equation (20) for DG or
 (31) for CG.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
A summary paragraph has been added.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Reviewer 2
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Add the following reference as the main original reference to the ADER methodolo
gy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
E F Toro, R C Millington and L A M Nejad.
 Towards very high-order Godunov schemes.
 In Godunov Methods: Theory and Applications.
 Edited Review.
 E F Toro (Editor).
 Kluwer Academic/Plenum Publishers.
 Conference in Honour of S K Godunov.
 Vol.
 1, pages 897-902.
 New York, Boston and London, 2001.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
This has been done.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
