#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Response to Reviewers
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Haran Jackson
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Reviewer 1
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
1) The definition of Frobenius norm in (3) should be given.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
2) The distortion is not a tensor (it's columns are vectors !), that is
 why the word "tensor" should be deleted on p.3 as well on pages 4, 16, 17,
 18 and 23.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
3) The strain tensor G introduced on p.
 3 is called the Finger tensor and it would be useful to mention it in order
 to make it clear for people from the solid mechanics community.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
4) On p.4 it is necessary to give a reference on the paper or book on non-Newtoni
an fluids, in which the constitutive relations (12), (13) are presented.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
5) In my understanding formula (44) for differential of the singular value
 decomposition is valid for constant orthogonal matrices V, U.
 Does it mean that ODE solver for distortion is applied for constant V,
 U? Please explain.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
6) Section 4.1 (page 16).
 In the sentence "Take initial data used by Barton…" the reference is needed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
7) Each reference on Figure in the text has a link to the page number.
 Please delete these links because the page numbers are unknown.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
8) As it is noted on p.
 4 the solution to the governing PDEs must satisfy to the algebraic constraint
 
\begin_inset Formula $\rho=\rho_{0}detA$
\end_inset

.
 Is this constraint is treated in the proposed numerical method? If it is
 not implemented numerically then it would be interesting to see the difference
 between computed 
\begin_inset Formula $\rho$
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Formula $\rho_{0}detA$
\end_inset

 at least for some numerical test problems.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Reviewer 3
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
1) In the "Significance and Novelty" it is written "there are many potential
 benefit to this..." as a reference to the fact that the formulation is able
 to describe both fluids and solids within the same hyperbolic system.
 However, these benefits are not explicitly commented into the paper.
 Please list in "Significance and Novelty" what these benefits are, and
 of course evidence these asseverations into the paper.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
2) In the equation (22a), please clarify if 
\begin_inset Formula $det(A)=|A|$
\end_inset

.
 Is has to be so, to have the equation (43).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
3) In eq (29), Is there some reason to include the sign "+" in front the
 term "
\begin_inset Formula $\tilde{B}$
\end_inset

"? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
4) If one wants to use a numerical method for solving the ODE's (instead
 of analytical solutions).
 Do you recommend the same strategy described by the equation (23), In such
 a case, Does the solver of (20a) become the most efficient? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
5) As written in the conclusions, "temporal splitting suffer from a lack
 of spatial resolution...".
 As pointed out by the Leveque and Yee paper [15] the smearing of discontinuitie
s caused by the numerical diffusion of the solver for the conservation law,
 may affect the correct wave propagation even if an exact ODE solution is
 used for the ODE sub-system.
 This can be more evident if the ODE has non-zero equilibrium equations,
 which seems to be the case in the tests presented in the paper (this is
 due to the deviatoric terms).
 Should be interesting the investigation about the structure of the ODE
 system and if equilibrium states can be identified.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
