#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass PhDThesisLyX
\options a4paper,titlepage,numbered
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\branch ChildOnly
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout abstract
A new second-order numerical scheme based on an operator splitting is proposed
 for the Godunov-Peshkov-Romenski model of continuum mechanics.
 The homogeneous part of the system is solved with a finite volume method
 based on a WENO reconstruction, and the temporal ODEs are solved using
 some analytic results presented here.
 Whilst it is not possible to attain arbitrary-order accuracy with this
 scheme (as with ADER-WENO schemes used previously), the attainable order
 of accuracy is often sufficient, and solutions are computationally cheap
 when compared with other available schemes.
 The new scheme is compared with an ADER-WENO scheme for various test cases,
 and a convergence study is undertaken to demonstrate its order of accuracy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout abstract
A method for modeling non-Newtonian fluids (dilatants and pseudoplastics)
 by a power law under the Godunov-Peshkov-Romenski model is presented, along
 with a new numerical scheme for solving this system.
 The scheme is also modified to solve the corresponding system for power-law
 elastoplastic solids.
\end_layout

\begin_layout abstract
The scheme is based on a temporal operator splitting, with the homogeneous
 system solved using a finite volume method based on a WENO reconstruction,
 and the temporal ODEs solved using an analytical approximate solution.
 The method is found to perform favorably against problems with known exact
 solutions, and numerical solutions published in the open literature.
 It is simple to implement, and to the best of the authors' knowledge it
 is currently the only method for solving this modified version of the GPR
 model.
\end_layout

\begin_layout abstract
A framework for simulating the interactions between multiple different continua
 is presented.
 Each constituent material is governed by the same set of equations, differing
 only in terms of their equations of state and strain dissipation functions.
 The interfaces between any combination of fluids, solids, and vacuum are
 handled by a new Riemann Ghost Fluid Method, which is agnostic to the type
 of material on either side (depending only on the desired boundary conditions).
\end_layout

\begin_layout abstract
The Godunov-Peshkov-Romenski (GPR) model is used for modeling the continua
 (having recently been used to solve a range of problems involving Newtonian
 and non-Newtonian fluids, and elastic and elastoplastic solids), and this
 study represents a novel approach for handling multimaterial problems under
 this model.
\end_layout

\begin_layout abstract
The resulting framework is simple, yet capable of accurately reproducing
 a wide range of different physical scenarios.
 It is demonstrated here to accurately reproduce analytical results for
 known Riemann problems, and to produce expected results in other cases,
 including some featuring heat conduction across interfaces, and impact-induced
 deformation and detonation of combustible materials.
 The framework thus has the potential to streamline development of simulation
 software for scenarios involving multiple materials and phases of matter,
 by reducing the number of different systems of equations that require solvers,
 and cutting down on the amount of theoretical work required to deal with
 the interfaces between materials.
\end_layout

\begin_layout abstract
\begin_inset Branch ChildOnly
inverted 0
status open

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
btprint "btPrintCited"
bibfiles "refs"
options "plain"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
