#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Response to Reviewers
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
1) Point out that RK schemes have Butcher barriers, which limit how high
 an order of temporal accuracy one can comfortably achieve.
 ADER schemes have no such barriers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This has been added to the background section, in the sentence beginning
 on the 6th line of the first paragraph.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
2) Also point out that timing comparisons have been carried out between
 ADER and RK schemes.
 The results show something very interesting.
 They show that for the same computational cost as an RK scheme of a certain
 order one can get an ADER scheme of one higher order of accuracy.
 That is noteworthy and has been documented in J.
 Comp.
 Phys.
 Vol.
 235, Pgs.
 934-969 (2013).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This has been added to the background section, in the sentence beginning
 on the 3rd line of the first paragraph.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
3) Along with the ADER-DG schemes that have very good convergence, there
 also exist ADER-CG schemes which converge even faster and are based on
 the same Galerkin strategy.
 See J.
 Comp.
 Phys., Vol.
 228, Pgs.
 2480-2516 (2009).
 In this same paper, it is desirable to prove the convergence properties
 of ADER-CG schemes.
 That will greatly improve the scope and range of this paper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Section 2.2 has been added to explain how ADER-CG schemes are constructed.
 The result is proved for ADER-CG schemes in the newly-added section 3.2.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
