#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass PhDThesisLyX
\options a4paper,titlepage,numbered
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 0
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\branch ChildOnly
\selected 1
\filename_suffix 0
\color #faf0e6
\end_branch
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout abstract
The recently proposed Hyperbolic Peshkov-Romenski (HPR) model of continuum
 mechanics 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Peshkov2016"

\end_inset

 is able to describe both solids and fluids (viscous and inviscid, Newtonian
 and non-Newtonian) in the same framework.
 Dumbser et al.
 extended the model to include a hyperbolic subsystem for thermal conduction
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Dumbser2015"

\end_inset

.
 This extended model should be well suited to simulating cookoff, where
 multiple materials and phases of matter may be present, and up until now
 models have relied on coupling different sets of equations to describe
 the different materials.
 The hyperbolicity of the HPR system also makes it amenable to large-scale
 parallelisation, and it does not suffer from the appearance of nonphysical
 infinite-speed waves, unlike the parabolic Navier-Stokes equations, or
 the classical Fourier law of heat conduction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout abstract
\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
prefix "z"
symbol "HPR"
description "Hyperbolic Peshkov-Romenski"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout abstract
In this study, an Arrhenius reaction model is combined with the HPR model
 and the feasibility of simulating cookoff within this framework is demonstrated.
 Two substantial theoretical developments are also presented.
 Firstly, a new method is proposed for significantly accelerating the simulation
 of slow cookoff on short, bounded domains.
 The acoustic components of the system are approximated by assuming that
 the pressure equilibrates on a faster time scale than the other processes
 of the system, and only a reduced subsystem is solved.
 Secondly, a modification of Barton's 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Barton2010"

\end_inset

 application of Sambasivan and Udaykumar's Riemann Ghost Fluid Method 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "Sambasivan2009,Sambasivan2009a"

\end_inset

 is devised for the HPR model, allowing it to be used in multimaterial problems
 with heat conduction.
 Both developments are assessed numerically and shown to be effective.
\end_layout

\begin_layout abstract
\begin_inset Branch ChildOnly
status open

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "../references"
options "plainnat"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
